## Inspiration

As a longtime Linux user, I have used practically every desktop environment and window manager that has or had any reasonable base. I also like "ricing" my workspace. The one thing I've noticed is that there has yet to be any consistent theme or look-and-feel package that crosses all commonly used DEs/WMs. Even those that cross between environments, most commonly between KDE and Gnome, still feel "cobbled" together because they usually are. Plus, as much as this might make me Internet-hated, I'm actually kind of tired of all the Nord, Dracula and Tokyo Night variations.

I wanted something a little more personal but I also had neither the time nor desire to go bonkers in Gimp or editing configs. Pywal came pretty close to some of what I wanted but I found that it would eventually make a mess of my tidy home dir. As an admirer of the Material Design Team's work in standardizing a UI model that crosses mobile, web and even desktop systems, I saw their vision as a nice start - primarily when it came to color schemes. Picking colors is hard. Picking nice colors, doubly so. Ask any designer.

So I did what any nerd with a software engineering background would do. I decided to learn a new language and start an ambitious project to do it in. I have wanted to poke at Rust for a while. I also wanted to use the color palette magic of the Material You concept to establish a nice color scheme. One that can be applied to theme templates for a variety of desktop environments and window managers as well as commonly used applications, panels and other utilities. I could have used the Typescript kit from the original library and built my tool that way, but that would be very Rusty.

The goal - dynamically generate a color palette and, borrowing from the Material Design philosophy, apply that palette to a variety of theme systems for as many applications as possible in a consistent fashion, all at once. The hope is that this will create a cohesive look and feel so I can use Openbox with polybar with GTK and QT apps that don't look like they were built for completely different environments. Or if I choose to work in bspwm for a particular reason, it doesn't feel so completely different from my Openbox session or Gnome session or KDE session, etc. I want window title bars to be as identical as possible, the panel to reflect the theme of the windows, etc. And I'd like it all to coordinate with my wallpaper. Simple enough, right?

That's when I discovered the two projects I mention in the README. One was functionally complete but lacked a Rust variation and the other was a Rust variation but was incomplete. As of this writing, the Rust library seems to be a "stale" project and I didn't just want to fork it because there was quite a bit about it that was incorrect or not quite right. So to the lab I went, copied and pasted where it made sense to not re-invent something and finish the rest. Polish it up and put a bow on it.

That's my story and I'm sticking to it.
